fix: set C++std to 20, allow higher; agree with Acts and ROOT (#1135)
eic/EICrecon: CMakeLists.txt

include(cmake/git_version.cmake)
set_git_version(CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION)

# Set default standard to C++17

> set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_MIN 17)

Author: I'm wondering if we should keep the minimum at C++20. Already before the Acts and ROOT upgrades to C++20, we were using C++20 features in EICrecon.

Author: Removed this change and keeping at C++20.

        AND NOT "${Acts_VERSION}" STREQUAL "9.9.9")
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Acts version ${Acts_VERSION_MIN} or higher required, but ${Acts_VERSION} found")
endif()
# ActsCore
get_target_property(ACTS_COMPILE_FEATURES ActsCore INTERFACE_COMPILE_FEATURES)
if (NOT "cxx_std_${CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD}" IN_LIST ACTS_COMPILE_FEATURES)

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "Acts has not been built with the requested C++ standard.")

Reviewer: What is the worst that can happen if we make this a non-fatal error? There are some practical cases when compiling with differing standards may be a fine escape hatch. I see folks are adding such checks to their projects, but don't get what is the actual goal. And I'm not aware of any ABI incompatibility between the recent standards.

Author: There are cases where C++20 support will cause the implementation of different interfaces to be activated, compared to C++17 support. When trying to link against it in the C++17 standard, you might end up with undefined references.

But realistically, I think the worst that can happen is probably just that warnings go ignored for too long...

Maybe a warning is enough?

Reviewer: I would keep it a warning. I think, the API inconsistencies, that you mention, if present, will show up loudly during the compilation.

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "Acts has not been built with the requested C++ standard.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(WARNING "Acts has not been built with the requested C++ standard ${CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD}.")
```

endif()

# ROOT
find_package(ROOT REQUIRED)
# Check that ROOT is compiled with a modern enough c++ standard
get_target_property(ROOT_COMPILE_FEATURES ROOT::Core INTERFACE_COMPILE_FEATURES)
if (NOT "cxx_std_${CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD}" IN_LIST ROOT_COMPILE_FEATURES)

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "ROOT has not been built with the requested C++ standard.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(WARNING "ROOT has not been built with the requested C++ standard ${CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD}.")
```
